c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.exe.config
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.exe
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.pdb
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.g.resources
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.exe
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\obj\Debug\TreeViewMVVMBinding.pdb
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\ivanova.m\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TreeViewMVVMBinding\TreeViewMVVMBinding\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
